User owns their homedir group (#457)
sous-chefs/users: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- Give group ownership of each users .ssh/* files to that users primary group

> - Allow user to set file permisions for their home directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow user to set file permissions for their home directory
```

> - Add a 'primary_group' and 'homedir_mode' key to the user hash options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `primary_group` and `homedir_mode` key to the user hash options
```
